[Autogenerated] all right.
Here we are in the A W s console,
and we're looking at the code commit repositories.
You can see we've got one repository in here.
Vpc deploy we can.
Go ahead and click on that,
and it should show us the four files that were in our
local repository that we just pushed up.
So that's awesome.
We managed to get the files in there.
As you can see,
there is a build spec .NET XAML a back end dot t f a main dot t
f and a terra form actions .NET SSH file.
Before we delve into what those are doing,
let's take a look at the build project that is going
to be utilizing this source code.
So we'll go ahead and expand out,
build and look at build projects in build projects.
We have this project that was created by our terra form
configuration called VPC Deploy Project.
We'll go ahead and click on that and you can see the repository
that it's using for its code is vpc deploy.
That's the repository that we just pushed our files to.
Let's go to build details and we can take a look at the configuration here,
So we already talked about the source.
We know it's using the VPC deploy repository for source,
and the source version is master,
so it's using the master branch off our source control,
scrolling down a little bit more.
We define an environment in here,
and this is the container that it's spinning up to run its build process.
And we selected the standard 2D a to image.
It's a Linux style environment.
It has three gig of memory and to V.
C P.
Apps.
It's a pretty straightforward container.
It has some things preinstalled in it, like basic Linux tools,
but not a whole lot else.
If we expand out our environment variables we can see,
there's a number of environment variables that are being referenced here.
These will be populated and available to any scripts
that are running inside the container,
and this is how we get our information into the container so
that terra form can do run appropriately.
T f action defines what action we're going to take in
the default value for that is planned,
but we can control that when we submit a new build we can alter
these environment variables depending on the build,
the next day the Terra form version and we're setting the version 2 12.24.
You can set this to whatever the current version is.
I went with the default version that I was working with.
The T F Bucket is the state bucket.
The T F table is the dynamo db State lock table.
The T F region just defines what region we're gonna
deploy this configuration in.
And then lastly, we're gonna make use of workspaces here.
So the workspace is set to the default of default.
But when we actually submit the job in our pipeline,
we're going to set the workspace name to development.
Let's scroll down a little bit more and we can see the at any
artifacts that are generated by this build process.
Go to global build logs 26 969 That's the S3 bucket that we
created specifically for logs and artifacts.
If we scroll down a little bit more we can,
see, it's using the same S3 bucket, and it's using the subdirectory build blog.
So if you need to look at a build blog after it's happened,
you can go into that S3 bucket and download the build
blog for a particular building, you know,
see what's going on.
Maybe see why something went wrong.
So that's our build project.
In order to understand what it's actually doing inside the build,
let's review what's going on inside that build spec .NET, XAML and some of the other files that we committed to the repository.